In this exercise, you are asked to create an RDS MySQL database with backups enabled,
and then execute a point in time recovery.
Let's walk through and see how it goes.
We have a database that has been created.
So if we select our Database,
go into "Actions" and choose "Restore" to point in time.
When you restore from a snapshot or to a point in time,
we always get a new database.
So we don't actually change the running database,
we get a second database.
So what this is actually asking us is to give it
information about where to start this new database from.
So you can see, we can either pick the latest restorable time,
which is basically now,
or we can pick a custom time.
So we pick a custom time,
we can roll back several days in the past.
So we can pick a point yesterday,
we can pick our time, say 6:00 AM,
and the only other thing that we need to specify is the Database Instance Identifier,
which is just the database name.
That's it. Everything else is the same as it will inherit all the characteristics of
the original database and then we say yes, launch database instance.
That will go off and create,
and soon we'll have a database restored to yesterday at 6:00 AM.